RAD-205: Update ref_file for PSF reference (#560)
spacetelescope/rad: changes/560.feature.rst

> Added epsf, abvegaoffset, apcorr, and skycells to ref_files and ref_files to image_source_catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added epsf and apcorr to ref_files and ref_files to image_source_catalog.
```

> Added epsf, abvegaoffset, apcorr, and skycells to ref_files and ref_files to image_source_catalog.

Author: ```suggestion
Added epsf and apcorr to ref_files and ref_files to image_source_catalog. Updated ref_files version in common, and common version elsewhere.
```
